Jocelyn Corrales: And. Good. How are you doing,
Jocelyn Corrales: Good. How's your day.
Timothy Kushner: It's, it's been. All right. I just, I got some things done around the house.
And
Timothy Kushner: I've been inside
Jocelyn Corrales: Out, you have no work today.
Timothy Kushner: I don't have work today.
Jocelyn Corrales: But yesterday you had work.
Yeah.
Oh,
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me check your chart.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so nice.
Jocelyn Corrales: Somewhere.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your ideals and your mental health.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: You mentioned that
Jocelyn Corrales: Before saying anything you thought about things you think about things before you know so as you would not hurt anyone in, you're not letting your emotions trigger your moods and stuff.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you have been very careful.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're doing self reflection. When you have anxieties or mood problems.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you just started with bright cartel.
Right.
Timothy Kushner: I'm supposed to be for 30 days right
Timothy Kushner: I don't know how long I've been in the program.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: But do you think is it for you. Do you think it's helpful.
Timothy Kushner: So, so like you teach me things. But a lot of it is repetitive.
Timothy Kushner: It's more about
Timothy Kushner: Like what i'm doing outside of the therapy sessions baby sister sessions are just a microcosm of everything that's going on.
Timothy Kushner: Just a small thing.
Jocelyn Corrales: At least you know little things. Let's start with, you know, little things like baby steps until you're able to get back on your feet.
Timothy Kushner: True.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're not having any problems that
Timothy Kushner: Medications may can be kind of slow. I think it's also like my choices like
Timothy Kushner: I just like when you get into that lifestyle like not doing healthy activities, not being nutrition not exercising as much as you should be, and you're on psychiatric meds, which also make you slower it
Timothy Kushner: Has a thing. It makes you just by
Timothy Kushner: Like a zombie. It's not
Timothy Kushner: I don't like it at all.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, I can still talk, but it's more like
Timothy Kushner: In person react like in person.
Timothy Kushner: Like conversations, which can be hard if like you're just have like a low self worth, or self esteem. At the time of the conversation.
Timothy Kushner: So, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So if you like a zombie.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, pretty much.
Timothy Kushner: Just
Timothy Kushner: Talking to you. I guess I like
Timothy Kushner: I feel like it's someone just
Timothy Kushner: It's like it's it's hard though because like, yeah, like in regular life.
Jocelyn Corrales: You're going to deal with people you
Timothy Kushner: Don't always like, but you can't like you have to be careful about how you approach those types of conversations
Timothy Kushner: Because if you're young, or you don't have that like
Timothy Kushner: That energy you just won't react them the best way or don't get like the
Timothy Kushner: Wrong idea out of the interaction.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Especially you working in a mall or grocery
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you have to interact with people that
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, your mood definitely affects your work life.
Jocelyn Corrales: So with regards to your medication. Does it also affect your mood right now.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, but it also affects like my physical body, like my physical health.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah.
Timothy Kushner: And I just
Timothy Kushner: Don't feel the best like
Timothy Kushner: I don't know, like I just don't like
Timothy Kushner: It's just hard. You know,
Timothy Kushner: I don't know, it's just I gotta take it one day at a time and
Timothy Kushner: Slow down, but
Timothy Kushner: I'm not really enjoying myself, either.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's okay, I understand. Maybe it's a try, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: When you wake up in the morning, although I know you wake up early.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's waking up at around
Jocelyn Corrales: Seven o'clock to nine o'clock.
Maybe you
Jocelyn Corrales: Know you you wake up at those range of Thrones seven to nine and you work at around 10 o'clock.
Timothy Kushner: Usually where lately I've been working like 11am shifts. I've been sleeping and more because of the loss of interest and activities.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, actually I usually some
Jocelyn Corrales: Medications also makes you feel drowsy.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like, it's like when you wake up you feel tired your body feels heavy. It's the side effects of the medication.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and
Jocelyn Corrales: We could try to do something about that. Maybe when you wake up, try to wake up maybe around eight o'clock instead of waking up.
Jocelyn Corrales: A nine o'clock, maybe seven o'clock or eight o'clock. Try waking up earlier did in the morning, try to do some exercise to energize yourself so that you would not feel weak and you would not, you know, you would not
Jocelyn Corrales: Feel the effects of your the side effects of the medication. Maybe we could do exercise.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, get those endorphins going
Jocelyn Corrales: So, yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: It actually makes you feel active when you know when you do exercise.
Timothy Kushner: That was true.
Jocelyn Corrales: Feels tired in heavy because of the medication.
Jocelyn Corrales: So let's try a book here plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's do
Jocelyn Corrales: after waking up.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you mentioned you don't have any problems with regards to sleeping.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, sleeping will
Timothy Kushner: All through the night, not like we can up. I never really had that problem. It's just, it's more about their energy
Timothy Kushner: Levels. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: You're very lucky I have actually troubles up
Jocelyn Corrales: Mikey's
Timothy Kushner: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's why I like a working out before I go to sleep because you know it tiresome down it relaxes my mind. So it's like a mixture of exercises and yoga, so it tears me up and relaxes me. Sometimes, I sleep on the yoga mat.
Timothy Kushner: Oh yeah, like the those meditations, and they're making
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because when you when you do exercise. There's like a tried to take things slow at first, before you do something heavier in the middle. And before you end your exercise tried to do some relaxation. After that, and you would feel, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Instead of, you know, especially if you want to go to sleep, try to do some, you know, relaxation technique afterwards so that you know you would feel sleepy.
Jocelyn Corrales: But in your case, maybe you could do some acting work out to make you feel energized.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Especially in the morning.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, I'll have to do that. And I have a school meeting to the counselor meeting.
Timothy Kushner: Me for my school, which is
Jocelyn Corrales: OH, WHAT TIME WHAT TIME IS
Timothy Kushner: 1pm so
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, we have time. Exactly. I was just letting you know that's like
Jocelyn Corrales: That's like I still have time. Yeah. And you came in early so that's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, and I think your school. I think that's a good motivation to that you have school show you what what I going to do is that you're you're having a school MEETING ONLINE.
Timothy Kushner: Online, just to see about going back in because I took a semester break
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Timothy Kushner: And I also, I didn't do the best I
Timothy Kushner: I started off pretty well. And then I just faded off.
Words.
Timothy Kushner: Towards the end
Timothy Kushner: It's just something my mom wanted me to do. And also I wanted to. So it's like a mix of our own self.
Jocelyn Corrales: Interest, but
Timothy Kushner: Success doesn't always mean school
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, yes, that's true. But you know, it's also a good thing, you know, at least you tried and you go to school. You know, it's also, it's also to your advantage. If you go to school, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: You get hired
Jocelyn Corrales: Better because of your credentials.
Timothy Kushner: I don't really care about the credentials I care more about the things they teach me
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: What course. Did you take
Timothy Kushner: Um, oh, you mean my the court, the classes I was enrolled in
Timothy Kushner: Before I dropped it.
Timothy Kushner: I was in math philosophy.
Timothy Kushner: And English, it was just like the basic ones. And also, political science, but
Jocelyn Corrales: Some basic in college right
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, just the basic the freshmen.
Timothy Kushner: Things because
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah yeah yeah yeahs actually designed for all horses.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what what
Jocelyn Corrales: What course. Are you planning on you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Pursuing probably in the future.
Timothy Kushner: I'm like a biotech thing like
Jocelyn Corrales: Mathematics or
Timothy Kushner: Science, but I also like I learned I like like language. Language linguistics communications.
Jocelyn Corrales: When you do by technology. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: My technologies like a mixture of science.
Jocelyn Corrales: And a lot of math and physics.
Timothy Kushner: And like humanities to something
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, I have an interest in. So does it make some moves.
Jocelyn Corrales: That can be. That's nice. At least you have a plan you have a good plan.
Timothy Kushner: For sure. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you took the time off last semester.
Jocelyn Corrales: Going back to school.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, you don't need to be in a hurry.
Timothy Kushner: When you're doing I'm cool.
Timothy Kushner: I'm not in a hurry.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, in a minute.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, and it's not too late, you know, learning, you know, even when you're older, even when you're probably 40 or 50 you know he slept.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, it's not always late to learn, you know, good always learn how to play piano, but you are studying these study that go to law school, you know, something like that.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, that is true. You know, my sister. She changed her major like 20 to 30 times before.
Timothy Kushner: What she wanted to do.
Timothy Kushner: I think I'm exaggerating.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like to study for the whole probably how many years just been studying and shifting from one course until she's able to find the one that she likes
Timothy Kushner: The Happy SPOT. YOU KNOW, SHE GOT LUCKY TOO because she had like the full scholarship
Timothy Kushner: And I was the one who was on that path. And then I lost my way
Timothy Kushner: School became like just as interesting to me, or just like keeping up with it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes that's true and stress, China, you know, try to take things slow, maybe, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: But, you know, at least it's something that would keep your mind off things, you know, studying, but are you still going to continue working when you're going back to school or you're going to school part time and working also part time, something like that.
Timothy Kushner: Um, I think I should focus more on school but
Timothy Kushner: It's, it's, like, half and half.
Timothy Kushner: Because I have to pay for my own expenses.
Timothy Kushner: I guess so. My family is trying to tell me
Timothy Kushner: Because they always said like, we won't pay for your school, you have to get in yourself.
Timothy Kushner: For free or
Timothy Kushner: Pay yourself, you know, just something to do
Timothy Kushner: But um but yeah I it's online, too. So if I think if I get the right schedule. I'll be able to balance it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, so it's like part time school and part time work where you're not able to get scholarship, just like your sister.
Timothy Kushner: WASN'T ABLE TO because like I said my high school, I wasn't, I didn't balance. It was more i like i was i was still intelligent. I just wasn't like it was more of my diligence and my I wasn't like responsible and like focusing. I was focusing more on fun and like procrastination than doing
Jocelyn Corrales: Great.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know teams are like that, you know, instead of focusing on studying, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: I want to do these, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: That's part of the fun at school.
Timothy Kushner: Definitely getting the things done before the other things.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so instead of prioritizing your studies, you have to do these things, you know, and do those things.
Jocelyn Corrales: So we take us to spiritual self. Do you consider yourself spiritual
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, I like meditating.
Timothy Kushner: Trans transcending like trans. I don't know the the word transcendental, I think there's something like that. Those types of meditation like chance I like Buddhism, like I i just searched up the. They're all over YouTube like the certain guided meditations, or like frequencies. And I like
Timothy Kushner: It helps me with my energy
Timothy Kushner: helps me be remain focus too.
Jocelyn Corrales: So what type of medication. Have you tried
Timothy Kushner: I kindness wishes. I don't put myself in one box, it just
Jocelyn Corrales: Depends like a mixture of everything.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, depends what's happen mood. I am if I feel like one thing is failing or like a certain area of focus on that.
Also foods.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you also really
Timothy Kushner: Um, yeah, but I don't, I'm not like all income all religious. You know what I mean like I just pick and choose what fits me or
Timothy Kushner: If someone has appeared offer that I haven't heard or something like
Timothy Kushner: Helps me out.
Timothy Kushner: Your videos.
Timothy Kushner: Hello.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hi, Timothy.
Timothy Kushner: I'm back.
Jocelyn Corrales: Sorry, I
Jocelyn Corrales: Think I lost my connection.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, like or something, I don't know.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think it's my intern has
Jocelyn Corrales: Steadily got gloss, though. Okay, let's go back to a religion.
Jocelyn Corrales: We were talking about religion and you said you are religious, but
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, but when that's all I focus on. It's like a trap.
Timothy Kushner: It becomes like too much and then people because like, not everybody wants to hear you, like, teach them things like a lot of people just want to be in the moment, just have fun, but
Timothy Kushner: It can be kind of a letdown of all you do is like, oh, I'm teaching you when my
Timothy Kushner: Mother would like you just want to like chill out, like, not everybody has to hear that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Timothy Kushner: That's true, especially when you're out where
Jocelyn Corrales: They would sometimes they wouldn't they wouldn't take you seriously, you know, especially, especially if you're not, they're not into that.
Jocelyn Corrales: They have to be careful. Yeah.
Timothy Kushner: About because it is a powerful aspect.
Timothy Kushner: Not everybody believes or has that
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes and what particular religion. Are you into. Are you a Christian or something else.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, say I'm a Christian.
Timothy Kushner: I had to choose.
Timothy Kushner: But I don't buy into all the reviews, because a lot of them are controlling and I see through it, but I just like
Timothy Kushner: The ones that like lift you up. You know when you're not like all serious because like some Christians, take it too far. Like, oh my religion is like better than all the other ones like I don't like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: You're not into all their views, but you're just into the
Timothy Kushner: positive uplifting facilities. Yep.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's true. Sometimes they are the most, the most religious person.
Jocelyn Corrales: Can be the most judgmental person.
Jocelyn Corrales: That he could meet
Timothy Kushner: Yeah.
Timothy Kushner: I'm against that, like all those holy wars that we're
Timothy Kushner: All just for a plot of land that's supposed to have spiritual significance.
Jocelyn Corrales: So it's better to, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Just like you said you're a Christian. It's like just following Jesus, you know, you don't have to
Jocelyn Corrales: Follow what everyone does. But you just have to follow his examples and he's ideas just like what you're telling me you know positive uplifting morals and not you know
Jocelyn Corrales: There are, you know, many who says they are very active Christians, but the irritable Satish judgmental type of person. It's not. It's like that. It's, it's, it seems like it's against their faith, you know,
Timothy Kushner: Sure.
Timothy Kushner: You don't have it today, someone if
Timothy Kushner: They don't believe
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Timothy Kushner: Slaves ways to uplift people without bringing religion into it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's true, that's true. Yes.
Well,
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm a Christian.
Jocelyn Corrales: Actually, but I actually didn't promote you know I'm a Baptist, but I actually, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: For me religion does not save you, you know, religion does not
Jocelyn Corrales: Save a person, but it's your faith that saves you the faith that you believe in God is the faith that you believe in Jesus Christ. You know, you try to walk the things that you talk to, you know, you try to encourage people, you know, you try to, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: For example, like for example you use some devices you know about things like this and that any also try to walk, what you
Jocelyn Corrales: Talk about so it's like you practice what you preach and that type of person because there are a lot of Christians, you know, it's like they're just Christians by name, but the the didn't
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, didn't they do not apply to themselves. It's just like, Hey, I'm a Christian, like that. And that's all. Let's say it in. They're not trying to apply it to their life.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you pray
Timothy Kushner: You pray
Jocelyn Corrales: You pray, you know, it doesn't have to be a formal for your
Jocelyn Corrales: As long as you talk to God. Talk to Jesus.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, I believe that the listen
Jocelyn Corrales: All things happen for a reason.
Timothy Kushner: Everything's a lesson. It's not a mistake.
Timothy Kushner: It's just so but yes yes we do.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, it's like everything is a learning process everything that you experience, you know, don't take it bad. You know, take it positively take it positively instead of thinking about it as a bad thing that happened.
Jocelyn Corrales: Think about the positively that you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Those things may, might have happened for a reason to teach you a lesson to make you a better person.
Jocelyn Corrales: I always believe that
Jocelyn Corrales: So you know those things that have it, the bad things that happened to you previously.
Jocelyn Corrales: You could think of it as a learning lesson, you know, don't, don't linger on it, try to move forward, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: And of course, do not forget about it because, you know, always try to look back of the things that has happened to you and put it as an example, your life to be, you know, to move forward.
Jocelyn Corrales: But China to linger about it, you know.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okey, so
Jocelyn Corrales: With regards to your social relationship really really be your parents at home. Do you have other siblings, we do at home.
Timothy Kushner: Which was my parents.
Jocelyn Corrales: And just you in Rd supportive of you have your treatment in your therapy.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, they're supportive. They have their own problems just like anybody else. But I'll see. I'm the one who's going through it.
Timothy Kushner: They just want me to feel better about myself.
Timothy Kushner: Just get back to where I was just happy.
Timothy Kushner: happy go lucky carrying
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you still in contact with your sister. Do you have, how many brothers and sisters. Do you have
Timothy Kushner: I have one sister and yes
Jocelyn Corrales: And how is she doing right now.
Timothy Kushner: She's doing all right, pretty good. I was supposed to. I hope to see her sometime soon because it's been a while since I've seen her in person.
Jocelyn Corrales: And she's she also is very supportive of you.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, she is. She, she understands me in ways that my own family doesn't like my family gets me, but because she's like more my age. Well, it's not a tenure difference, but she's still like she went through the same thing. Growing up in this household
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: So it's like she can relate
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, exactly.
He knows
Jocelyn Corrales: At least she's someone you could lean on when you have problems, you know,
Timothy Kushner: Definitely
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you have other, you know, like France that you tell your problems to
Timothy Kushner: Um, yeah, but I've been kind of not talking to people.
Timothy Kushner: Because a lot of them were doing.
Timothy Kushner: I don't, I don't know. I'm just kind of more introspective at this point in my recovery.
Timothy Kushner: I only talking to others more like
Timothy Kushner: reclusive
Jocelyn Corrales: So it's more of like you're focusing on yourself for healing and it's fine, you're, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Trying to communicate with your family. Do you have a girlfriend.
Timothy Kushner: No I do not. I'm single.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Nobody jury. You seem very young.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: We'll just encounter that as you go alone. No need to hurry. It will just come your way.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, you always spray for the right person to come to us to come to you.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's good that you have your sister around, you know when your problems to talk
Timothy Kushner: To someone I call
Jocelyn Corrales: Like your best friends.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, exactly.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your best friend.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your best friend and your best enemy.
Is there.
Timothy Kushner: You know, it's like my
Timothy Kushner: She knows me in ways others do not.
Timothy Kushner: But she also obviously
Timothy Kushner: And neither am I going yeah yeah that's true, that
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, that's
Jocelyn Corrales: That's, you know, when having a sibling is like that, you know, your best friend, your friend in your enemy. At the same time, but, you know, they love you to the fullest. And you know that night.
Jocelyn Corrales: So with regards to financial you mentioned that you're working, are you working on a part time right now.
Timothy Kushner: Oh yeah, part time
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you pay for your bills or does your parents help you with the bills.
Timothy Kushner: My parents helped me with the bills, but I also
Timothy Kushner: I've helped them in the past. So right now I don't have that much saved up
Mm hmm.
Timothy Kushner: So, um, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you
Timothy Kushner: Don't have like a joint effort.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. Okay, so are you the one managing for your finances or your parents. That's the managing of your finances.
Timothy Kushner: I manage my own finances, but it's something I could work on like doing a better job managing it and being careful like just
Timothy Kushner: Being more aware and
Timothy Kushner: Like
Timothy Kushner: Just not like spending a lot of money.
Timothy Kushner: Like you know me like saving better just be more accountable.
Jocelyn Corrales: And more responsible
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you want to save better let's look here.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your parents work.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, my parents work.
Jocelyn Corrales: Both parents
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, both of them.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're starting school, probably around
Jocelyn Corrales: When is your school going to start next week.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, summer school. So it's going to need a few classes. I HAVE THE COUNCIL MEETING TODAY THE
Timothy Kushner: Just decide like what's best. Like how many classes, but I can manage and Mike My career pathway.
Jocelyn Corrales: For a summer class.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's a good thing that's it's online.
Jocelyn Corrales: At least you get to stay at home. But, you know, even if it's online, you know, you still need to be active at home.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, work those muscles.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, definitely.
Do you
Jocelyn Corrales: Mean it. Let's see here.
Jocelyn Corrales: You mentioned that you like walking, biking or playing basketball, but I don't think you could play basketball or, you know, go walking or biking at this
Timothy Kushner: Able to
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh yeah, there's not much many people there your area.
Timothy Kushner: So, so, but it's like it's like a beach town so
Timothy Kushner: A lot of things can go
Timothy Kushner: Like you're able to exercise and
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you wear your mask when you're outside
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, when I need to go like inside of a store from planning today. And yeah, we're
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Every time you try to go xi, like, you know, you want to go one or walking or biking a try to wear your mess. You know, it's better to be safe than, you know, get infected.
Timothy Kushner: That is true but breathing in the same pheromones also isn't good for you either
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe when you know when there's no one around. You can remove your mess probably
Jocelyn Corrales: But when you see a lot of people around, try to wear your mask.
Jocelyn Corrales: So we digress just spiritual self. Could you see something you know that's not working out for you.
Timothy Kushner: Well, that really, it's more like my social life. That's an issue at this point.
Timothy Kushner: And everything that's going on. I just feel more grounded.
Timothy Kushner: So,
Yeah.
Timothy Kushner: I don't, and it's causing me to be more stressed out.
Jocelyn Corrales: Why do you think you feel like you're more grounded. Your parents are very strict right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just feel
Timothy Kushner: Just other aspects of my life. The emotions. I feel
Jocelyn Corrales: With regards to financial you want to see better
Because you need to
Timothy Kushner: Be just better at budgeting. That's the word for
Jocelyn Corrales: That right
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Up for your own school
Timothy Kushner: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Try to wake up, probably around eight seven or eight
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Instead of waking up around nine so that you would have time to work out and exercise into more into d
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you like doing crafts.
Timothy Kushner: Arts and Crafts are fun, but I don't really have much of a setup at my house at awards was really easy because they have all the Koreans and although I said
Timothy Kushner: It was really easy.
Timothy Kushner: The
Timothy Kushner: Here, I just don't have to like get like some art supplies, if I want to do that but
Timothy Kushner: It's definitely something I have a passion for when I like need something
Timothy Kushner: Like something to do the get my mind.
Timothy Kushner: The right
Timothy Kushner: Mindset if
Timothy Kushner: You will
Jocelyn Corrales: So totally your art materials or arts to where we're at right now.
Timothy Kushner: And I just have like Kranz and stuff. It's more about like what I can draw on because I don't like free handing that much.
Timothy Kushner: I enjoy like if there's a like fill in pictures or stuff like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think with regards to eating. You mentioned that you're on an intermittent fasting.
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you try eating a piece, maybe twice or three times in a day instead of snacking.
Timothy Kushner: Because you have
Jocelyn Corrales: Your mentioned that you have medications that you need to take lead food. So you have to really eat breakfast and dinner.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe just a light breakfast with do
Timothy Kushner: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Timothy Kushner: So they've been doing
Jocelyn Corrales: Try to skip meals probably instead of skipping it tried to eat light meals. If you know if you don't feel like eating heavy meals.
Okay.
Timothy Kushner: Sounds like a good plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: Try eating meals.
Jocelyn Corrales: Instead of missing out.
Jocelyn Corrales: Eat healthy foods.
Jocelyn Corrales: Eat healthy meals and snacks.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And after waking up to morning exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: And since you are working, although
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe when you're not working, are there any things that you do around the house. Aside from chores.
Timothy Kushner: Says,
Timothy Kushner: Um, any work I do.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just around the house, you know,
Timothy Kushner: Because there are times are there are days that you are not working.
Jocelyn Corrales: So what they usually do.
Timothy Kushner: Will like
Timothy Kushner: Vacuuming around the house.
Jocelyn Corrales: Course that's chores.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, well,
Timothy Kushner: What would be work inside the house other than toward like work on my like work that I can do for myself like reading
Timothy Kushner: Yes. Yeah, like
Timothy Kushner: I do that.
Timothy Kushner: Something that engages my mind.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. So household
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, like household activities, just
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you do gardening. Also, you know, at least to make
Timothy Kushner: My parents have a garden, but I don't really help out with that.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know,
Timothy Kushner: Let me help.
Timothy Kushner: It's like a soul.
Jocelyn Corrales: Heavy. Are you interested in gardening, you know, at least you know plant some vegetables in the pop, you know, at least, that would be take your things might have things and you know that's also something interesting that your new see your plants growing you know it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Feels good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe when you know when you have your online classes, probably you don't have work.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you know you have bacon time aside for doing chores, maybe do some gardening or do some of your arts and crafts, maybe just showing you know, instead, you know, because you don't have access to many of the things you know that
Jocelyn Corrales: That you've mentioned, we could do some drawing
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, definitely.
Timothy Kushner: I've been listening to too much music that's what I think like controlling my tone of voice, making more and more consistent
Timothy Kushner: Definitely is a thing I can work on to because I yell a lot. Because of how much I listen to music or like sometimes I yell sometimes I'm T quiet about a happy medium.
Timothy Kushner: Because people notice like
Timothy Kushner: But even if you've listened to music that much or have the headphones and all the time like
Timothy Kushner: It's the tone of voice is hard to control.
Jocelyn Corrales: So what type of music do you listen to
Timothy Kushner: Um, I like melodic music that's kind of modern but I also like old school.
Timothy Kushner: Rock r&b honestly just whatever I'm feeling. I like all the genres.
Timothy Kushner: Even something that like people like, Oh, that's weird all like find a reason to like it if it fits that
Timothy Kushner: Like tone of voice that are just like it like I can just feel it in my soul, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: So it's like when you're listening to music. So your mood also depends on the
Jocelyn Corrales: The type of music that you listen to it. And it also reflects out
Jocelyn Corrales: Those, those are flex. So maybe try listening to maybe some some kind of a mellow music. Maybe instead of rock music, old school and music is fine.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, definitely.
Jocelyn Corrales: Now classics, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: It's kind of relaxing also instead of the Rockies. Not the old not the old rock, you know,
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, I like I like alternative like the Red Hot Chili Peppers or
Timothy Kushner: Will you know Nirvana's good to. It's just, I don't know.
Timothy Kushner: The Beatles. Oh, the Smiths.
Jocelyn Corrales: Fine.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, I'm a little bit old school, but I'm also in the school. It's weird.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because
Jocelyn Corrales: Because you've mentioned know when you when you when you listen to music, sometimes you know the the tone of your voice depends on the music.
Jocelyn Corrales: China listening to Red Hot Chili Peppers China, China, try not to listen to Red Hot Chili Peppers peppers, maybe try the Beatles is fine. Maybe you could also find other alternatives that are not that loud.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, absolutely. So yeah cuz it's weird. The Red Hot Chili Peppers. It will be like a smooth song and then read all the other know
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like it. I don't know. I don't know if it's a heavy metal or so it's something like that. It's a mix of, you know, mild and
Jocelyn Corrales: heavy rocks or something like that.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, the soul music is what I like the blues.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, the loser. Fine. The Jazz are fine. Maybe you know maybe to listen to music like that better.
Jocelyn Corrales: Listen, let's put that here in China to watch too much TV since you're going back to school are you watching too much TV. No.
Yeah.
Timothy Kushner: But when I'm at school. I won't be able to
Timothy Kushner: Cuz it definitely does rot, the brain and that feeds you ideas and
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's actually addicting once you get started watching TV. You want to stop watching. So try to try to limit your
Jocelyn Corrales: Your time on TV.
Jocelyn Corrales: So instead of watching TV, you know, maybe that's what, that's probably the reason why you're always tired.
Jocelyn Corrales: At home, so try to move around, instead of watching TV. Maybe you could watch TV at all maybe 30 minutes or an hour and it's fine, but maybe more than that. It's not good anymore. So try to, you know, walk around the house.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do some things like do some graphs. You know, you could do. You could
Jocelyn Corrales: Draw well you are listening to music or you could do gardening.
Jocelyn Corrales: Go.
Jocelyn Corrales: To bed. What
Timothy Kushner: Are the bed earlier to you.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think you sleep at around nine to 11am
Jocelyn Corrales: And what time would you would we agree on probably 10 o'clock is fine.
Timothy Kushner: You know, yes. So, but I guess that's up Sunday. Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, you know, at least let's try to go to sleep early because it's actually a plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: Things that you would do.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's do
Jocelyn Corrales: 12pm
Jocelyn Corrales: And your support people is bright heart health staffs and family.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, I'll show you.
Jocelyn Corrales: The plan so that you'll be able to see it. Where is it
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, can you see my screen.
Timothy Kushner: Yes, I'm able to
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm still going to edit this one so I have written here, all the things that you've mentioned you know about your life or what's working out for you. What's not working out for you. I'm just going to fill in.
Jocelyn Corrales: Some of the information here because most of them I place it here on what's working well. But then just going to edit this leader in feeling feel everything in. So wake up at around seven to 8am and eat meals on a regular basis and take medications.
Jocelyn Corrales: We'd meals.
Jocelyn Corrales: And avoid snacking. It's okay to take snacks. If you're able to take meals. So instead of, you know, snacking.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because probably sometimes if you do snacking you miss your meal. So try to eat light meals instead of missing out a meal and in between those music you do some snacking.
Jocelyn Corrales: So try to eat breakfast, lunch and dinner doesn't have to be heavy this this light meals to just eat the sandwich. That's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: And advice. Eat healthy meals and snacks.
Jocelyn Corrales: You've mentioned that you always feel tired and heavy because probably because of the medications and, you know,
Timothy Kushner: Makes me more stressed and not less stress, yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it in. You mentioned that you feel like a zombie. When you're taking medication, so maybe let's do
Jocelyn Corrales: Morning exercises upon waking up.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, to be more active since you're going back to school and I also placed here that
Jocelyn Corrales: You go on a part time school and part time work and you want to save better try not to spend too much to see better
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you in. Are you the type of person who loves to go shopping online,
Timothy Kushner: Only shop online.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's nice. And do you try to buy, you know, when you go to the grocery because you mentioned you go to
Timothy Kushner: This you know it's more about like not planning on my spending like going to the grocery store and getting things I really don't need or that aren't good
Timothy Kushner: To me.
Timothy Kushner: If I'm stressed out. I'll get something that has high sugar or I won't like think things through like I need to write out a list.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, I placed here, at least on the things to buy when growing and going
Jocelyn Corrales: To the store.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know,
Jocelyn Corrales: To try not to overspend or by unnecessary things
Jocelyn Corrales: To prevent buying unnecessary things
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay so list down the things. So before you go to the grocery
Jocelyn Corrales: Or to the store. Try to this down the things that you wanted to buy are the things that you need to buy so that you just stick to your plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: I would like you to make a plan, but I because the problem is that your day to day various, you know, because there are times that you have worked there are times that you do not have work you have school. So maybe we could do that next. The next time we meet
Jocelyn Corrales: The day to day planning and the weekly planning, but in here. Let's just do what we can do for the, for the time being like exercise daily
Jocelyn Corrales: Make down a list when you are going to the store. Don't miss out on your meals and drink your medications to eat your meals in try you try to make yourself busy like doing graphs.
Jocelyn Corrales: Studying they put that here studying
Jocelyn Corrales: That's put that here.
Jocelyn Corrales: Studying your lessons and probably you know if you're bored of study, you could do some gardening or some graphs or something else.
Timothy Kushner: This is some good boys planning for sure.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and I'm going to check on you next month. And let's see how it works. And you could also update me how school going on. What are the new things in your life, maybe just got a new girlfriend or probably not. Or maybe, you know, stuff like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: And we're good. Let me see if you're able to sign this one. Let me save this first. And let's see if you're able to say this one.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, I do have an appointment, by the way.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I know. That's why we're going to end. Now, and after the is
Timothy Kushner: That
Jocelyn Corrales: Be share you're sharing you
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's see if you're able to sign this one. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you try. Are you able to control the
Timothy Kushner: While
Timothy Kushner: Yes.
Timothy Kushner: That's an eraser. Well, how does this work. Oh.
Jocelyn Corrales: You tap it.
Timothy Kushner: I'm using my my phone.
Jocelyn Corrales: You can
Throw
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like when you're writing on a paper you press it down and sign
Timothy Kushner: This is a weird
Timothy Kushner: So that's your mouse.
Timothy Kushner: Only when I made like wait, sorry.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: We could remove that that for a while. That's for a while. Let's remove that that okay
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you try signing again.
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you see the pen.
Timothy Kushner: Yeah, there's a parent do I bring okay that's depend. OK.
Jocelyn Corrales: OK, I see. Yes, it
Timothy Kushner: Works. I guess it's
Difficult
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's see. Let's see if we can see me.
Timothy Kushner: Again, that's it.
Jocelyn Corrales: I hope it saves you know I have some difficulty saving this one.
Jocelyn Corrales: I don't know if it's the app or what for awhile.
Jocelyn Corrales: You're able to sign it for a while. I'm trying to see us screenshot your signature.
Timothy Kushner: Well, why would you want a screenshot of my signature.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just in case I can
Jocelyn Corrales: Insert it later.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, but if not,
Jocelyn Corrales: Let this let us try this again. You know, because it's not
Jocelyn Corrales: Working
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's try these again.
Jocelyn Corrales: If it doesn't work, it's okay. No pressure.
Jocelyn Corrales: Sometimes it works, mostly this not
Jocelyn Corrales: Usually works when
Jocelyn Corrales: You're on a computer. Okay. Can we try to get
Timothy Kushner: We have to try one more time.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. One more time in it after the
Jocelyn Corrales: If it doesn't work, it's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: As shy. If it's not saving
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's still that saving. It's fine. It's okay if it doesn't work.
Jocelyn Corrales: I have also patients trying to sign it, but not able to sign it. It's okay. Thank you, Timothy. See you next
Jocelyn Corrales: 30 days. I'm going to just message your call. You just in case, we're going to have another meeting. Okay.
Timothy Kushner: All right. Thank
Jocelyn Corrales: You have a great time. And we're going to send you a copy of your rap lead, probably by the end of the week or early next
Timothy Kushner: Week. Okay. Yeah. Thank you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Thank you. Bye bus great talking to you.
Jocelyn Corrales: And be safe.